disease solution
Acne-Turmeric and Honey Face Mask: Mix 1 teaspoon of turmeric powder with 2 teaspoons of honey to form a paste. Apply it to the affected areas and leave it on for 15-20 minutes before rinsing off.

axienty-Ashwagandha Capsules: It is made of pure Ashwagandha root extracts, helps to boost your well-being naturally.

Asthama-Dabur's Shwaasamrit is one of the top ayurvedic medicines for asthma & bronchitis packed with the goodness of powerful herbal ingredients & medicinal plants 

Chest pain-Guggulu, Amalaki, Lasuna, Pushkarmoola, and Jatamasi

chicken pox-Neem (Azadirachta Indica). Take 1 tsp powder (5 g) mixed into a glass of water per day before breakfast/dinner(meal) as a nutritious drink, or as directed by the physician

Dehydration-To treat dehydration, take 2-3 tablespoons of coriander. powder in a vessel and pour 10 cups of boiling water in. it. Set it aside for 4-5 hours or overnight.

Dust allergy-Black Cumin,Honey,Turmeric.

Diabetes-Giloy or Guduchi powerful herb that helps manage blood sugar levels and helps to improve general immunity.

Diarrhoea-: Kutaja Ghana Vati is an ancient Ayurvedic remedy for diarrhoea, used in India since at least 600 B.C.he formulation includes herbs such as Kutaja,Mustaka,Chitraka, and Haridra.

dizzyness-sutasekara rasa taken with aamla juice and honey is very beneficial for dizzyness

Drymouth-We get relief from dry mouth by holding a few tablespoons of coconut or sesame oil in the mouth for 10 to 15 minutes without swallowing. 

Earache-Laksmi vilasa-rasa- This ayurvedic formulation treats inflammation in the ear. Mix it with honey and consume it. 

eye iritation-The commonly used Ayurvedic medicines for eye itching are HaridraKhand, MahatraiphalaGhrta, Drakshadi Ghrita
fever-Amritarishtam is a fermented liquid medicine made with the ingredients as given in classical Ayurvedic text

flu-Ginger Zingiber officinale
food posion-Dashamoolarishtam, Jiraka Arishtam, Hinguvachaadi Choornam, Dhaanwantharam Kashaayam, and Hinguvachadi Gulika are some of the herbs that can help with this condition

headache- Godnati bhasma, Chandrakala rasa, Kamadugha rasa (mouktika yukta), Bhoonimbadi khada, Shirashooladi vajra rasa, Pathyadi khada 

itching-Karela-Jamun Ras is made up of pure Karela and Jamun juice, with no artificial additives.

legcramps-Massage the muscle with Mahanarayana taila or Praharini taila to relax it.

migraine-Godnati bhasma, Chandrakala rasa, Kamadugha rasa (mouktika yukta), Bhoonimbadi khada, Shirashooladi vajra rasa, Pathyadi khada

motions-Kutajarishta is very useful Ayurvedic medicine used in the treatment of loose motion

nosebleed-Fine powder of alum (spatika/phitkari) along with cow ghee, instilled in the form of nasal drops, will stop bleeding.

obesity-Herbal remedies such as Triphala, Guggul, and Vidanga are commonly used to reduce excess fat and improve digestion. 

sunburn-Mix equal amounts of powdered sandalwood and turmeric with a little cool water and apply the paste to the sunburn.

skinrash-neem, turmeric, aloe vera gel, oatmeal bath, essential oils

throatpain-Mulethi. This Ayurvedic plant is useful for sore throat problems

toothdecay-Triphala Churna is a powdered version of the triphala herb

TB-TB in Ayurveda include ashwagandha, turmeric and neem

vomiting- in nausea, Lavangadi Vati, Eladi Vati, Amalaki Rasayana, Ardraka khanda
